OK I finally finished this thing.............
This level has no real theme just an abandoned kind of feel to it.

For those of you who have seen my recent work, DeathLab and Spider, you are goin
to notice a HUGE change in my style. Hope you like it.

All weapons are here yeah..... Including 2 357, 2 MP5 and 2 shotguns.
There should be no problem finding a weapon here.
All big guns are in places that are annoying/dangerous/compromising (spelling?) to get to.
Why is the guass in the acid room, well there is a hiding, well sorta, place that only the guass
can get you there.  Plus you can jump around with it, soooo.
You cna shoot thru the railing so watch it, not the grate floor though :).
YES you can make the jump to the gluon gun I promise...........

The r_speeds are a bit higher than I like but I didn't want to take away any of the detail.

PLEASE EMAIL ME WITH COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS.

BUGS:
Well......
The catapolts leave players behing sometimes in software mode... Not sure why unless it is frame rate.
But I have ladders so that you do not have to us the catapolts if you don't want too. Go get a 3dfx card.

That is about it take care and have fun.


---General Information---
Title 			: Desolate
Filename			: desolate.zip
Author			: Jeff Meyer
Other lvls by author	: Spider, DeathLab and a few others...
Email address 		: jmeyer@austin.rr.com

Credits/Thanks
1. My family for puttin up with me again on this level :-).
2. Da Man of level making, my buddy, Steve Lyne, Scary-one, for all his help and timely emails :-0 LOL. oh and the shirt/candy for my sons 
  the candy was goooooood :-)
3. Radiums wonderful site, www.planethalflife.com/radium, and hard work. Autolycus for puttin up with my STUPID questions, halflife.gamedesign.net
   thanks guys.......
4. To everyone who took the time to email me and let me know what they thought of my levels it is greatly appreciated :-), plez keep it up.
   The guys who joined in on my server to help test the level......


---Copyright-Permissions--------------------------------------------
Authors MAY NOT use this level as a base to build additional levels.

You MUST NOT distribute this level UNLESS you INCLUDE THIS FILE WITH
NO MODIFICATIONS!!!. If you don't co-operate, then DON'T DISTRIBUTE
IT IN ANY FORM!!.

This BSP may be distributed ONLY over the Internet and/or BBS systems.
You are NOT authorized to put this BSP on any CD or distribute it in
any way without my permission.


