Just unzip into your valve directory.
	The .tga files should end up in the valve\gfx\env directory
	The .wav files should end up in a valve\sound\ambience\hldm129
	The .bsp goes in your valve\map

	SPECIAL ATTENTION should be given in regards to the additional unzipped ttrain6.wav file in the
        valve\sound\plats.  This file will be read by Halflife for the train6 sound that is 
	probably used in another map somewhere by somebody (odds are low that very many maps will use
	it). This unzipped wav file is a plane sound. If you do not want the planes in this map to sound like
	trains, then leave this file where it is unzipped. If you do not want to possibly affect the sound of
	a train in another map, just delete this \valve\sound\plats\ttrain6.wav file. Halflife will then use the 
	ttrain6.wav sound that is located in its .pak file as it normally does.

Senario: You are on a lighter than air ship that is raised by an antigravity engine instead of gas.
	This technology has a serious side effect, it can create vortices of unknown properties which
	follow the ship. If the ship stops moving forward while in the air, the vortex will consume 
	the ship. A sabature (maybe you) has set two bombs on board the ship, one on each prop engine. 
	The bombs have a timer that beeps once a second for 25 seconds and then beeps fast the last 5
	seconds before they explode. If either bomb explodes, the ship slows down and....

The bombs: Each bomb has a safety switch and a power switch. The bombs will not start until the safety
	is off and will not explode if the safety is turned back on after being started.

The vortex: The vortex's black "event horizon" consumes the ship from back to front. There is no escape 
        from it except through the double wooden doors at the front most compartment of the ship which is 
        the observation lounge. The doors only open automatically when the vortex reaches that compartment.
        If anyone makes it through those doors they get full health and the Gluon gun. Anyone who dies will
        continue to respawn either ahead or behind the vortex.  When the vortex is stationary at the rear of
        the ship it can be entered by jumping into it. Once in the vortex, it can be exited by again jumping
        into it again. You will then appear at one of 8 locations back in the air ship.

The planes: To operate, use the intrument planel, including the one in the hangar.

Teleporters: Only 3, two under the stairs in the observation lounge that take you the the middle and
	rear of the ship, and one below the middle top exit of the airship that takes you to the front of 
        the ship. The teleporters do not work while the vortex is moving.

Modifier switches: There are two switches located behind each flood light in the rear compartment
	of the ship. 

	The port (left) side switch:  When set, this will put the map in "King Of The Hill" mode.
	This switch is read by the map each time the bomb timer expires and the bomb explodes. 
	The difference is that when you get killed while the vortex is moving, you respawn in
	the vortex and cannot leave it until the cycle is completed (about 1.5 minutes after the vortex
	begins to move). A column of electricity is visible in the vortex while it is locked. The 
	person who makes it through the double doors at the front of the ship is King, with full 
        health, the Gluon, and everyone else is a target below you! You will be able to distinguish 
        this mode by the constant vortex sound in the background throughout the map when the vortex is
        moving instead of just hearing the vortex when it is near you.

	The starbord (right) side switch: When set, this will put the map into vortex looping mode.
	This switch is read by the map at the end of each vortex cycle after it returns to the tail of the ship.
	The vortex will repeat its cycle about every 2.5 minutes (in either normal or King modes).
	The bomb will beep for 5 seconds prior to exploding at the beginning of each cycle.

Other things to be aware of:
	There are ledges above the windows of the observation lounge. Use them to your advantage.
	The main cargo area doors are open by using or shooting the console. Try standing next to the edge and
	shooting the console. There is only one real secret in this map to discover.
 
Miscellaneous Stuff:
	This is my second map, my first was Highbay. The sky was from Mist. My original concept was to
	recreate the Hindenburg (LZ-129). However when I realized the Quake 2 engine's world was about 250
	feet too short, I took a left turn and ended up in a parallel (Halflife) universe. The girth of the
	airship and the shape of the tail structure are about the only similarities that remained. The
 	r_speeds were not so bad until the sections of the ship were put together. This seems odd since most
	sections are completely separated (line of site wise) from the next. One possibility is that almost
	all the airships shell is composed of what worldcraft considers 'illegal brushes'. These brushes 
	(each flat face of the airship's shell) was hand aligned to minimize the use of resources because 
	worldcraft would use several brushes where I wanted one to do the job. I still maxed out on resources
	before I would have preferred. The irregularities in the surface of the ship are a result 
	of these illegal brushes and could not be fixed.  Hopefully this map is still playable by alot of the
	deathmatch players. I would recommend a 1 gig PC with a Geforce 2. If anyone has any answers or 
	questions you can reach me at evilis45@hotmail.com

	Thanks to my beta testers: [FA]R.|.P.,[FA]Lightning-Rod, and Largo for their testing and helpful
	suggestions. 

	
