Hrm..what do I put here? Oh well here it goes
May 27, 2000
Map Title : NaCl - I couldnt think of a name..and at the time of creation i was studying polyatomic ions..so what the hell!
Map size : 364 KB
Author : Miles G., im 16/M and a US citizen..yay
Aim Screen Name : Raptorobx
Email : tulient@yahoo.com
Description : Multiplayer lab type environment
Singleplayer : Um..no? You can play it by yourself but thats no fun and theres nothing to kill! Ahaha....
If you are that sad you can play againts Bots, use Phineas bots since they do not slow down Half Life as much as others...but the problem is they cant climb ladders well...They do learn however, to stear clear of the slime after a few deaths =)
Deathmatch : Hell yea
Players : 3 to 8 is most fun
No new textures, no new sounds, no no no!
Created with use of Worldcraft 2.1 (Wheres 3.0 when i cant align these stupid textures)
Compile Machine : 120 Mhz of speedy goodness, 48 Mb ram, Voodoo 2 Chip, Potato Chip, etc
Anyways..this is my first FPS map, but that doesnt mean anything. Just play this..its worth the whole 300 or so KB download... Had alot of fun playtesting it with friends.
Details : Ok enough people have asked me this so im going to say it now....In order to get on top of the little machine type thing with snarks on it..you can either tau jump or do a longjump with the jump thingy and crouch so you pass over the pipe. No you should not be able to get past the pipe without the jump suit. There are other ways to the crossbow however. You must press the button on the ledge with the walkway structure to drain the slime giving access to a cheap weapon ( in my mind ). Thats why i put it way down there.  Look in all corners for some hidden weapons. Snarks do not swim..please do not attempt hurting snarks..they are nice animals. If that sniping crossbow guy is on top of the slime room exit into the large maze type area...try chucking a grenade up there, he wont be able to get away....I think i told you enough..go play for yourself and email me if you cant figure out something.
Have fun and Happy Fragging!

